Docs 10981 document console path field feature pa (#367)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-exchange-api-task.adoc

> = Add an API Instance From Exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Add an API Instance from Exchange
```

Reviewer: Be sure to use the Chicago tab at https://capitalizemytitle.com/style/Chicago/.

Author: Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

To manage the API that you created using Design Center or any another application, you first publish it to Anypoint Exchange (Exchange). You then import the API to API Manager, from which you can modify the API version, status, and other information. After saving your changes, deploy the API to CloudHUb or any other runtime.

> == Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Prerequisites
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

Use this option if you want to provide additional security for your API. 
+
. Based on the type of endpoint you are creating, specify the application type for a basic endpoint or the proxy deployment target for an endpoint with proxy.

> . If you want to manage the API using Mule 4 or later, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: After seeing how complex the task becomes, with bullet lists later, consider separating Mule 3 from Mule 4 tasks.

Author: Done! Thanks!

.. Select the *Mule version* checkbox.
.. In *Implementation URI*, replace the example by entering the URL of the site that hosts the API.
+
For example, you can use the URL of your API asset in Exchange. In this case, the API is consuming the JSONPlaceholder API, so enter `+http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com+`.

> .. If you want to secure outbound traffic, click the elipses (*+*) button next the *Add TLS Context* link and specify the required details in the *Select TLS Context* window.

Reviewer: Do you mean elipses (*...*) or do you mean plus symbol (*+*)?

You could also simplify this to either "Click *...*" or "Click *+*.

Author: Per accessibility guidelines, it is better to say both, right? Done! Thanks!

> .. If you are creating an endpoint with proxy, accept the base path `/` for the proxy endpoint in the *Path* field, or enter another path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. If you are creating an endpoint with a proxy, accept the base path `/` for the proxy endpoint in the *Path* field, or enter another path. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
For example, if an API is defined with the `Implementation URI` set to `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com`, the proxy returns the following URIs based on the value that you configure in the proxy path:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
| *Proxy Path* | *Request* | *Response from Proxy*
|`/` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
| `/api` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/api/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
|===

> .. Optionally, expand the *Advanced options* section and specify additional details:

Reviewer: This is a long step, especially for an optional step; evaluate alternative treatments for this information.

It would also be helpful to explain "optionally," per the style reference entry for "optional steps": under what circumstances ("If you want to") would the audience use this option, or why?

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Optionally, In the *Proxy version* list, change the proxy version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to <do this, for this reason>, change the proxy version.
```

* If you want to simulate your API specification, check *Enable Console* and specify a different path in the *Console Path* field, for example, "/spec/*".

> * If you want to validate inbound requests against a provided specification, check the Validations box and specify whether you want query parameters validated. 

Reviewer: ((Is this a typo or did you want to emphasize this point? If the latter...we try to avoid using formatting for emphasis, but when we do use it, we use italic.))

Typo, per Line 76.

Author: This is not bolded in my file. Not sure what was going on. Done! Thanks!

> * In the *Scheme* options list, choose between HTTP and HTTPS.

Reviewer: Just checking the UI label again: scheme or schema? GLOBAL; I'll stop asking.

Author: Scheme! Done! Thanks!

+

> If you select HTTPS you can optionally specify a TLS context for inbound traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select HTTPS, you can optionally specify a TLS context for inbound traffic.
```

Author: Removed this sentence. Done! Thanks!

* In the *API instance label* field, specify a label for the API.
* In the *Port* field, specify a different port if the displayed port is incorrect.
* In the *Response timeout* field, specify a response timeout, if required. 
* If you choose *Hybrid* as the proxy deployment target, select the *Reference user domain* checkbox to use an API gateway domain.
+
You must install the API gateway domain in Mule 3.8 and later.

> . If you want to manage the API using a Mule version earlier than 4.x, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: See suggestion at Line 32.

Author: Done! Thanks!

.. In *Implementation URI*, replace the example by entering the URL of the site that hosts the API.
+

> For example, you can use the URL of your API asset in Exchange. In this case, the API is consuming the JSONPlaceholder API, so enter `+http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com+`.

Reviewer: Is "JSONPlaceholder" the actual API name, or is this a typo?

Author: actual name. Done! Thanks!

Use this option if you want to provide additional security for your API. 
+
. Based on the type of endpoint you are creating, specify the application type for a basic endpoint or the proxy deployment target for an endpoint with proxy.
. If you want to manage the API using Mule 4 or later (recommended), accept the default selection.
+

> The parameters that you must specify differs based on the Mule version you select. For detailed field descriptions, see <<field-reference,parameter details>>.

Reviewer 2: "The parameters that you must specify differs" -> "The parameters that you must specify differ"

Author: Done! Thanks!

|`/` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
| `/api` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/api/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
|===
.. Optionally, expand the *Advanced options* section and specify additional details:
* Optionally, In the *Proxy version* list, change the proxy version.

> * If you want to enable API specification testing for your API, check *Enable Console* and specify a different path in the *Console Path* field, for example, "/spec/*".

Reviewer 3: Here we can also mention that this option will be available for Mule 4. 

Also, I am not sure if I would say _API specification testing_, maybe something like:
```
If you want to expose your API specification through the API Console, ...
```

Author: Done! Thanks! The sections are divided by Mule 3 and Mule 4 from the beginning. I don't think that we need to stress again.

|`/` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
| `/api` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/api/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
|===

> . Optionally, to fine tune additional configurations for the API, expand *Advanced options* and specify the <<field-reference,details>>, and then click *Save*.

Reviewer: hyphen
```suggestion
. Optionally, to fine-tune additional configurations for the API, expand *Advanced options*, specify the <<field-reference,details>>, and click *Save*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[field-reference]]
== Field Input Reference

> The input that you are required to provide when adding an API from Exchange differs on several factors, such as whether you want to create an endpoint with proxy, and whether the API was created using Mule 3 or Mule 4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input that you are required to provide when adding an API from Exchange depends on your specific situation, such as whether you want to create an endpoint with proxy, or whether the API was created using Mule 3 or Mule 4:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="15%,35%,15%,35%"]
|===
| Field Name | Description | Required | Notes
| *Implementation URI* | The URL to access for the proxy or the API. | Yes|  For example, you can use the URL of your API asset in Exchange. In this case, the API is consuming the JSONPlaceholder API, so enter `+http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com+`.
| *Proxy version* | Specifies the version of the proxy to use for the endpoint.| No |

> | *Enable Console* | Specifies whether you can simulate your API specification. | No | You can specify a different path in *Console Path*, for example, "/spec/*".

Reviewer 3: Same comment, maybe I would replace "simulate" by "expose and test"

Author: Done! Thanks!

| *Validations* | Specifies whether to validate inbound requests against a provided specification. | No | You can configure the validations to verify incoming request against provided specifications or by using query parameters.
| *Scheme* | Specifies whether to use HTTP or HTTPS for the validations. | Yes | If you select HTTPS, specify a TLS context for inbound traffic.

> | *API instance label* | Specifies a label for the API. | No | If you have multiple managed instances of the same API, add a label to differentiate each instance from the another.

Reviewer 2: "from the another" -> "from the others"?

Author: Done! Thanks!

| *Port* | Specifies the number to use if the displayed port is incorrect. | No | 
| *Response timeout* | Specifies the duration after which a request times out. | No | 
| *Reference user domain* | Specifies whether to use an API gateway domain. | No | If you chose *Hybrid* as the proxy deployment target previously in the configuration, ensure that you select this option. You must install the API gateway domain in Mule 3.8 and later.
|===

== See Also

> * xref:apikit::apikit-simulate[Test APIs with API Console]

Reviewer 2: "xref:apikit::apikit-simulate.adoc[Test APIs with API Console]"?

Author: Done! Thanks!

// +

> // If you select HTTPS you can optionally specify a TLS context for inbound traffic.

Reviewer: Placement of == See also?

Reviewer: What are the following lists and steps supposed to follow?

Author: Commented out. Please ignore.

|`/` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
| `/api` | `https://domain.cloudhub.io/api/users` | `http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users`
|===

> .. Optionally, expand the *Advanced options* section and specify additional details:

Reviewer: See comments at Line 48.

I wonder if these options sections are labeled intuitively enough for us to skip these bullet lists in favor of a step that simply states something like...:

"If you want to specify additional details, expand and complete *Advanced options*."

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * If you want to validate inbound requests against a provided specification, check the Validations box and specify whether you want query parameters validated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to validate inbound requests against a provided specification, select *Validations* and specify whether you want query parameters validated. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* In the *Scheme* options list, choose between HTTP and HTTPS.
+

> If you select HTTPS you can optionally specify a TLS context for inbound traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select HTTPS, you can optionally specify a TLS context for inbound traffic.
```

Reviewer: Ditto comments Lines 54-60.

Author: Done! Thanks!
